yep we're back at this shooting pick
your favorite team and start over
so buddy love it thank you
but now it's time to get you back into
the action okay
Kevin you got there because I saw that I
did send this she might be cuz it's
obvious that Graham should be mine what
you Josh aspire well Darrell makes a run
for the supply
okay
Oh evil genius
why are we gonna build lambreaux strong
wizard power that's gonna be a hard time
cause you know
here goes your answer
where's Sean going spend the night with
a bunch of strangers who could turn into
zombies no I'm sleeping not Thank You
Dean Muscat Wizards are
so is it news proof
get on out
you were saying
tim-mah
honestly I don't
the winners of each challenge will be
rewarded this season but they take an
order from the sponsoring restaurant
this
their barbecue the petting zoo barbecue
someone else touched your dinner we
guarantee it
how is money did one meet the bus funny
please go what member of your team is
heading out today
to the market information area this is
where we determine those days to play
another day and who gets up what might
today to really like everything done for
four people
boats are an if I hand you a marshmallow
your say skies shuffling and sugar you
are saying beer no you did very little
to help your team and try to convince us
that sugar party Leonard you think
you're what is hurt and you convinced
your team to build something very very
stupid yeah okay
the last marshmallow god sue
they're given the beard oh I like the
guy so we thought it fitting that this
season's mode of transportation should
be something with a bag but the further
ado
Chanin shade any last words so long
beard Oh
it's weird
I've already dumped this yeah when I
don't even listen to he was an awesome
guy I like that I like it's down the bag
clearly are you still next time to see
what's gonna happen
I